Bender Book (#295)
pulp-platform/bender: book/src/principles.md

> # Principles

Reviewer: This section seems a bit sloppy... I get the marketing pitch, but how different is the messaging here from the contents of index.md?

Bender was created to solve the challenges of managing large-scale hardware designs with complex, nested dependencies. It is built around four core principles that guide its development and usage.

## 1. Modular and Opt-in

> Bender is designed to be a "pre-build" tool. It does not replace your EDA tools (synthesis, simulation, formal); it orchestrates them. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bender is designed to be a "pre-build" tool. It does not replace your EDA tools (synthesis, simulation, formal); it helps orchestrate them. 
```

> - **Tool Agnostic:** Whether you use Vivado, Questa, VCS, or Verilator, Bender provides the necessary file lists and configurations.

Reviewer: These are only simulator tools, I would not specify an exhaustive list...
